listen it's kind of funny when people
say the entirety of the x-men franchise
is a bust
for getting Deadpool Logan hell x-men
movies that are a part of the franchise
but to be honest it's kind of sad that
we won't be seeing that X get accented
on the Fox logo anymore
once that's gone I personally did have
hope for the younger cast who were kind
of promised these decade long story arcs
and then all that just went away and
while I do want to make an L me covering
everything Fox did with Marvel and the
movies I've also heard the TV shows are
pretty great I'm still waiting on you
mutants to come out before I do that if
that ever comes out but if there's one
winner in all of this it has to be Kevin
Feige this man was involved with Fox
Sony Universal all of the Marvel movies
that have been made throughout the years
and pretty much every studio probably
had the opportunity to take his advice
and none of them did
until Disney finally showed up and said
you know and now my dudes collecting up
the mother studios like I told you so
though everyone wants to crap on this
new one and I'm not saying that it's
great it's literally a remake of their
own movie by the same writer I don't
think it's a little bit better
honestly I may even suggest hitting up a
$5 Tuesday if you can cuz while there is
a lot to complain about in this movie in
my personal opinion I think the acting
is great some of these dudes really
thought they were x-men others played
characters that wanted to leave the
x-men and it felt really true cuz they
really did want to leave but it's one of
those things where it didn't matter how
convoluted they tried making the plots
for their new movies the most
entertaining battle was always outside
let me explain so what I've always loved
about the x-men is that every
installment for them is civil like in
their world didn't nobody like some they
ain't your neighborhood anything because
they got him cooped up in a mansion out
in the country as far away as possible
and that's where a little Jean Grey ends
up crashing growing up she had no idea
how to control her powers and so one day
she loses it and accidentally kills her
mom in a car crash her dad has
absolutely no idea what to do with this
little girl who murdered his wife and so
Charles Xavier shows up to take her back
to his mansion with Jean not realizing
that her mind's been altered by him now
right off the bat I think James McAvoy's
a great actor do takes on some of the
craziest roles
if it's an indie or a major blockbuster
and I completely respect his approach to
his craft but I hated him in this movie
Charles I get that you want to remove
that guilt from this child's mind but
that's like shoving your clothes under
the bed you're gonna have to deal with
it later we flashed the presents which
in this movie is 1992 and things seem to
be okay with the x-men and the
government's the president has a direct
line to them like he's the mayor they're
going on space missions to save some man
struts and you can hate on these movies
all you want but none of the Avengers
and I love The Avengers movies so relax
MCU fans but none of the Avengers have
cooler powers in the x-men how even with
the ones that they share Fox made
superior ones they got Nightcrawler
teleporting in while Quicksilver zips to
collect all the astronauts then they
bring them back it's gorgeous
you're taking two of the most iconic
x-men and choreographing the scene to
perfection all of that is beautiful and
Jean Grey blows up I just realized
turns out that this thing that they
believed was a solar flare is really
this Dark Phoenix energy and that ends
up entering your body while they were on
this mission and it starts taking over
now I love the original storyline
because its iconic but it's one of those
things where you had already done it and
now you're choosing a time to redo it
when we're seeing a lot of that
storyline going on and by the way the
women are always saving the men around
here you might want to think about
changing the name to ex women Jean then
enters people's minds without consent
and little by little Charles and the
gang realizes that something's up with
Jean now at first it seemed like
mystique and Jean were going to be
having parallel storylines mystique
keeps complaining that she wants to
leave the school because she thinks
Charles is different and well he did
agree with her at first cuz Charles is
just cloud chasing to a degree this
sound like she was jealous of the new
girl in town like she always was the
favorite one and now jeans getting all
the attention it's obvious Jennifer
herself also didn't want to be there so
I thought she was just tweaking to a
certain degree until she freakin dies
see after realizing that Charles
manipulated a girl's mind and altered
her memories and seeing that he's still
doing that and forcing himself in there
Jean ends up running away they end up
having to faced a friend whose whole
world is a lie because Jean at this
point
the guilt of realizing she accidentally
killed her mother and she didn't know
that she has a heart of learning that
her dad was never dead he just gave her
up because he didn't know how to deal
with her she realizes that her newest
caregiver the man who she trusted her
entire life has been messing with her
mind and lying to her and now she's got
her friends and her boyfriend outside
looking goofy in their suits trying to
subdue her when she yet again loses
control of her powers and kills another
important woman in her life like this is
beyond levels of bad Ravens death not
only causes gene to go into exile but
all of the kids back at the mansion are
flabbergasted like you have to realize
how broken they are you have to imagine
how crushed they are hearing that the
most popular girl is not only their
school but mutant kind just killed one
of their civil rights leaders they had
that look all those parents had after
season eight when they still had to take
away their little Daenerys goodnight but
no one is more pissed than Hank
see James performance as a punk in this
movie it's great I hated him and it was
a very effective but Nicholas Hall to
really Dottie lost Jennifer Lawrence
this man is crying he's finishing up a
bottle he feels guilty considering that
she was about to leave the mansion but
he convinced her to stay this was the
only other blue person his age and now
she's gone and still Xavier won't admit
he's done anything wrong he's there
sitting going I'm sorry you feel that
way see the Picard Xavier I know would
never put his ego over himself but here
we have a guy who's been waiting so long
to finally make peace between mutants
and people that you know he's willing to
do anything to not lose that we see that
gene shows up at Magneto's compound
seeking refuge and even the bad guys are
like Jean we do not want you I'm
actually upset we won't be seeing
Fassbender anymore because even in this
movie he's giving a great performance as
he wants to also avenge Ravens death
because this is an actor who not only
has done great roles but even when I
don't like the movies he's in he's still
giving it his all Assassin's Creed I
thought he was experiencing an aneurysm
the Snowman he really did think Jack
Frost was out to get him the counselor
is when I need to let me explain for but
then again who can forget the classic
and most iconic line of his I'll do the
fingering the movie that introduces the
species known as the d'bari who can
shape-shift into different people and so
they decide to take over Oscar nominee
Jessica Chastain's body now like I said
this movie had a completely different
twist an entirely different ending that
I'll explain in a bit but what we ended
up getting in this backstory is that the
same Phoenix energy that went into gene
actually ended up going through their
home planet and now they're roaming
around trying to find a new one to
inhabit but when they notice that gene
has been able to harness that power they
seek her out in order to picture the
best role someone can ask for god quick
no I know jeans on the run and she's got
so much on her mind that was anyone else
glad that she had time to shop and
literally kill the layers that she had
going on in this movie so now we have a
Jean Grey who doesn't trust her family
one who has magneto and his goons coming
after her who has this alien trying to
take her powers and that Lisa is a big
climax magneto pulls up a train for some
reason even though the x-men could jump
over it and that doesn't even matter
because magneto gets knocked out by Jean
Scott ricochets his deadly laser beam
off of our car window somehow which then
allows Charles to approach Jean who goes
are you here to kill me and Charles
knowing good and damn well that he has
an arm Nightcrawler next to him and has
no chance against her goes
Jeanne knocks out Nightcrawler easily
and then I kid you not
makes Charles walk up the stairs like
QWOP and then gets convinced by evil
Chastain to transfer her powers over to
her and she gets hit with the line he
may have showed you your past but let me
show you your future
Scott's goofy as thing comes in and
shoots Jessica Chastain to the next room
who I mean can't even know she was the
bad guy but he still knocked her off to
the next block all of them get detained
by the military where Charles you know
now that he's got nothing else to lose
admits he maybe was wrong magneto starts
fighting like John wick the Phoenix
rises to save the day and she wipes out
the alien race sacrificing herself for
her friends as she Nelly Furtado's over
Charles and Erik as they play one final
game of chess but then it turns out that
they had a different ending that got
lost see because of the whole Disney
merger a lot of things had to change
some believe they forced them to swap
out the ending because you know they
didn't want people to look forward to a
sequel and it wasn't really in the
studio's best interest but it also did
away with the set up Fox had for all of
the upcoming sequel which are no longer
upcoming they pretty much had set up a
decade like pattern between each one
that would eventually lead to 2023 which
is when Days of Future past takes place
and it's present so that would mean that
they had at least two other movies
before they got there the writer even
hinted at the fact that he wanted two
spin-offs for storm Cyclops Nightcrawler
and Jean Grey and well now fight he
decides that what that meant for Dark
Phoenix was an alternate ending they had
hyped up Chaz Saenz role so hard by
keeping it a secret that it was going to
be something huge and then when it was
revealed even the castles like huh see
before they even had that Disney merger
get completed they were having
scheduling issues with themselves Fox
was choosing their beloved Papa Cameron
because yet is a leader movie coming out
and the state delayed Phoenix and they
were also put in a conundrum where they
at an ending that was way too similar to
captain Marvel's because the thing was
Jessica Chastain was originally going to
be a scroll hence the shape-shifting
was meant to be a much bigger role that
ended up getting cut which just keeps
happening to poor Jessica so not only
did it alter their plans more than
Charles did jeans mind but any promises
that this cast got gone the set up
leading back to days ruined and the
franchise that once had the ability to
restart their own timeline got stripped
as they vanished in a snap but I think
they're still thinking of keeping
Deadpool I think you guys freaking out
this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I'm curious do you find all of
this contract dealings interesting I
think it's always cool to see what's
planned and then it doesn't come to
fruition or how things need a change I'm
also curious to know what you thought
about the movie I know not everybody
liked it but I can still enjoy things
I'm still laughing at the beginning
where the x-wing comes out of the
basketball court because it's like the
most inconvenient place to have it what
if someone was in the middle of course
right they just had the s and the e left
to win and also there's like a mission
you got to stop at you're playing Bobby
would be so pissed off there was another
thing that I know when trending for a
little bit and that's when Scott just
swore and everyone thought that was like
a funny line to make fun of that they
looked like they were coming out of
Central Park and that wasn't the part
that caught me off guard to me it was
the fact that magneto and his goons were
walking in the front right and right
behind them did they not notice that
night that there was I don't know
silhouettes of a bald man in a
wheelchair
Bigfoot Cyclops and a kid with a tail
like that that was the goofiest part for
me but I'm curious are your thoughts
down below in the comment section I
wasn't as bored as I was with the last
and in this one if they don't have
juggernaut so I guess there was that but
I'm curious know your thoughts let me
know your thoughts on who you want to be
cast for the new MCU incarnations if you
believe that the new mutants movie may
actually end up going to Disney Plus
because nobody has any faith for it but
let me know any thoughts you have about
these movies down below what your
favorite x-men was don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and maybe new
mutants might come out one